This archive contains the Web-based Supplementary Materials for Estimating the Size of Populations at High Risk for HIV using Respondent-Driven Sampling Data by Handcock, Gile and Mar.

The contents are the following files:
1) size_0.2.tar.gz: The gzipped tar file of the R package "size". It contains software that implements the methods used in the paper and was used to do the analyses
in the paper. It contains documentation for the functions. It can be installed with the "install.packages" command within R or with other standard methods.
2) fauxmadrona.RData: A R workspace containing the "fauxmadrona" networked population and an RDS sample draw from it. The former is called "fauxmadrona.network and
is a "network" object. The latter is called "fauxmadrona" and is an "rds.data.frame" object.
3) exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.R: R code to fit the model to the RDS sample from the "fauxmadrona" networked population. The code produces diagnostics,
visualizations and summary statistics.
4) exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.pdf: The graphics file produced by "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.R". This is to verify the code is running correctly.  
5) exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.flat.R: R code to fit the model to the RDS sample from the "fauxmadrona" networked population. The fit uses a reference prior. The code produces diagnostics,
6) exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.flat.pdf: The graphics file produced by "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.flat.R". This is to verify the code is turning correctly.  

Getting started
----------------
1) Install the "size" package in "size_0.2.tar.gz" into R.
2) Run the code "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.R" within R. You may need to change the address in the "load" command to point to the file "fauxmadrona.RData".
3) Compare the results to that in "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.pdf" to verify the results.
4) Run the code "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.flat.R" within R. You may need to change the address in the "load" command to point to the file "fauxmadrona.RData".
5) Compare the results to that in "exampleposteriorsize.fauxmadrona.flat.pdf" to verify the results.
